Alice, baby, talk to me.
You gotta stay awake.
Can't fall asleep. Alice!
How did you get there?
Alice? Baby?
My baby.
Are you a ghost?
Mummy's gonna be right back, okay?
Okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Mummy's gonna take care of you.
My love.
You smell like you again.
Who else should I smell like?
This might sting a little bit.
But it's gonna get you warm.
Mamma...
I missed you.
I missed you too.
Oh, no. We're out of hot water.
I'm gonna boil you some more.
Don't go.
Mamma. I'm cold.
Mummy?
Alice?
Where are you?
- Where's--
- I'm here.
What's the matter?
Where is she?
Who?
TsUP, this is Station. Do you copy?
Can you hear me?
I've lost time.
I've lost hours.
I think my blood oxygen is low.
I passed out in--
Remaining life support,
six hours 45 minutes.
Major Lysenko.
Commander Caldera.
You make me feel obscurely better.
You always say that,
but I never know if it's true.
I have equipment here
that immediately needs to go
with search and rescue for Soyuz 1.
It is not certain that there will be
a search and rescue for Soyuz 1.
Why?
There is no sign of life.
Let's go.
Okay. Do it.
It's gonna work.
Nice and steady.
Nice and ste--
Yes.
I don't know if you can hear me
in the blind.
This is Station.
That's battery two transferred to Soyuz.
It's taken approximately 55 minutes
to switch one battery.
I have four left.
And then 90 minutes undocking procedure.
Oh, shit.
Hello?
Can anyone hear me?
This is Station.
I'm afraid of the dark.
There are other rockets, right?
I mean, there's all those
insane billionaires. StarCosm. Yes?
Even if StarCosm went crazy, there--
there's no way they'd launch
in under a day.
And she doesn't have a day.
She has a few hours.
There must be a way for her to get back.
I mean, that has to be possible.
They didn't manage to send her
the deorbit parameters in time.
I don't know--
What is a deorbit parameter, Frederic?
Meaning even if she fixes the capsule,
she's going to have to calculate
her own reentry.
This is very dangerous.
But this is what she's trained for.
I mean, you trained her for four years.
Yes?
Oh, for God's sake, don't you cry.
Don't you sit there crying,
for fuck's sake.
- Wendy!
- Coming!
- Bye, Alice.
- See you later.
Alice...
You done?
I just need to talk to the others
before they leave.
Is she dead?
No.
She doesn't have a lot of time though.
She's not dead
until we know that she's dead, is she?
No.
I love you, kiddo.
Hey, baby. Hey, Magnus.
I thought I'd record something
since I can't talk to you guys.
Okay, so I gotta fix all this stuff
so I can get home.
It's nice to hear a voice...
even if it's just my own.
Yes.
This is the third.
Kind of need to hurry up.
...is the third. Kind of need to hurry up.
...is the third.
Kind of need to hurry up.
You gotta stop breathing.
Stop breathing, Jo.
You stay in Destiny.
Paul?
What the hell are StarCosm doing?
We're talking to Alyanna.
They are scrambling,
but, Henry, she'll be dead by then.
That's a third of a billion dollars
to retrieve two dead bodies
and some experimental equipment.
Some experimental equipment, Michaela?
It's a highly significant
piece of research.
Not only for our understanding
of the theoretical universe,
but also for about a thousand
different practical applications
that can make a fundamental
difference to life on this planet.
The science cannot trump
the people, Henry.
Yeah.
Okay.
Station, this is TsUP.
Hi. Read loud and clear.
Any chance
for a chat with my family today?
Station, this is TsUP.
This is a recorded message.
We have S-band failure
and cannot hear you.
- Open all bands for local transmission.
- Christ.
We're attempting
to upload your deorbit parameters.
RPL requests
that you retrieve CAL data core.
Restore full power to Soyuz 1.
Initiate undock as soon as possible.
You have approximately two hours
and 30 minutes of life support
as of 9:38 on 10/15.
Come on.
Station, this is TsUP.
This is a recorded message.
- You open on loops one and four?
- Sure we did.
There is nothing near her, not from us.
We don't put satellites
in the vicinity of the ISS.
Between you and me,
the US Air Force has moveable satellites.
I've requested that they put them higher.
We know that, Henry,
but moving them closer
isn't going to help reach her.
If the damage is too significant,
she may not be able to hear anyone.
Commander Caldera, you have a call
from Skagerrak Marine Observatory.
Oh, Christ.
Skagerrak?
Don't look at me like that.
I'm not losing the CAL.
I am not losing her.
That is not what happens.
Station, TsUP. This is a recorded message.
We have S-band failure
and cannot hear you.
You heard from your sister?
I think you know that she has passed away.
Have you heard from your brother?
Not in many years.
Thank God.
...as we wait to find out
what's become of the astronaut still left
on the International Space Station
now literally the loneliest person
in the universe.
With me is retired astronaut Bud Caldera.
Commander, what happens when the structure
of the ISS is damaged in such a way?
That would lead to
what is called a "depress."
Depressurization of the various modules
on the ISS.
That's pretty much
the most serious thing that can happen.
Just talk through
what would be taking place up there
with the astronaut that's left.
Well, it goes by protocol.
We have these flip-books with checklists,
and we prepare pretty much every scenario
during training.
So even if it's an unusual situation,
they'll be working according to a scheme.
But you have experience of what can happen
if something goes wrong up there.
Sure.
It must bring back some memories for you.
No, I'm not looking for--
I don't spend my time
bringing up memories.
But you do have experience
on what it's like
to bring bodies back home.
That's not a question.
That's an observation.
Can you maybe just tell me a little
about what you imagine
they must be feeling right now?
Yeah, and why the hell should I do that?
And you instruct me on what's "a little"?
I don't get paid
to use my goddamn imagination.
Henry Caldera, many thanks.
It's Bud! Bud Caldera, for Christ's sakes!
Fuck.
TsUP, this is Station. Come in.
Okay.
So that is power fully restored
to Soyuz 1.
- Station, this is TsUP.
- This is Station. Come in.
This is a recorded message.
You have approximately
- 98 minutes of life support as of 10:48.
- Of course.
Minimum undock time is 90 minutes.
Fuck.
RPL requests you retrieve CAL data core.
You're kidding me.
We're attempting
to upload your deorbit parameters.
I can't wait for you.
Okay.
Come on. Come on,
come on, come on, come on.
Okay.
What the--
"Oxygen, 19%."
I gotta go.
In the blind.
Initiating undocking procedure, Soyuz 1.
Go.
"Input deorbit parameters."
So I'm gonna use yesterday's figures
'cause that's all I got.
"Deorbit parameters outdated."
Yeah, I know, but you gotta work with me.
Oh, come on.
Come on, come on. Please come on.
"Undock initiated."
"Ninety minutes to launch."
Station, this is TsUP.
This is a recorded message.
We have S-band failure
and cannot hear you.
Please open all bands
for local transmission.
We are attempting
to upload deorbit parameters.
Daddy, what are deorbit parameters?
Well, as I understand it,
it's the place on the edge of the Earth
that you have to hit
if you wanna come home.
Does Mummy know what they are?
I don't know.
I'm sure she does.
She's very clever.
Fuck...
- Station, it's TsUP.
- Shut up.
We have S-band failure
and cannot hear you.
You have approximately
45 minutes of life support.
Please calculate
your own deorbit parameters.
Done it.
RPL requests you retrieve CAL data core.
- Don't endanger yourself.
- Oh, for fuck's sake.
Hey, Magnus.
I'm going to put in
the deorbit parameters.
My own calculations.
Let's just hope it takes me back.
Forty-one...
Magnus, I know you.
And you know why I had to do this.
And I am so grateful for your love
and your trust.
I know it hasn't been easy.
You've sacrificed a lot...
I'm sorry I--
I left you alone with all this...
I love you.
Alice...
You're everything to me.
And I wanted to--
I wanted to make you proud.
You.
And I wanted to show you that...
Even if I'm not here...
I'm always with you and Daddy.
I don't think you understand how much I--
I just wanted to be around
and see you grow up
and go to high school
and have your first boyfriend and...
then go out dancing with you
when you get old and just--
just be around to see you grow up.
No matter what happens,
my eyes are always on you.
And--
And my heart beats with you, baby.
I love you so much,
more than you can ever imagine.
Okay. So, I've only got 12 minutes left,
and I kind of gotta--
I just hope I got my sums right.
Okay.
"Bolt malfunction"?
What? What the fuck?
Arm bolts are fine. Can't be the data.
"In the event of bolt system malfunction,
bolts to be armed and fired
from entry dock of ISS
on the other side of the hatch.
Requires two crew."
Fuck.
Come on.
Come on, please.
Forty-one, 40, 39,
thirty-eight, 37, 36, 35...
Anything on triangulation?
Nothing. Still nothing.
...thirty, 29, 28, 27, 26,
twenty-five, 24, 23, 22,
twenty-one, 20, 19, 18
seventeen, 16, 15,
fourteen, 13, 12, 11,
ten, nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four, three, two, one.
Listen.
Close your eyes.
When the names of those who have
fallen asleep are remembered in prayers,
what can be more beneficial for them
than this?
We who live believe that the dead
are not deprived of existence,
but live with God.
As we pray for our brothers and sisters
who with faith and hope are traveling
so we pray for those who have departed
from this world.
Jo, this is TsUP.
Do you copy?
Okay.
Detached from ISS.
Three hours and 20 minutes to reentry...
I think.
Thought you might not want to be alone.
I'm quite happy to be alone.
So, how much you guys charging
for a return trip on Soyuz these days?
75 million, up and back?
That is coming to an end.
Unless you start sending tourists.
Tourists? Oh, please.
Cheers.
Jo and Paul.
Okay.
Fire in...
five, four, three,
two, one.
The ISS was not designed
to run more than 20 years.
It's been running nearly 30.
And it's full of holes.
Your own president says
another seven years max.
My own president is wrong.
I'm working on my own president.
We are going to withdraw from the program.
Just abandon things
because something went wrong,
because someone dies?
NASA abandoned the moon after Apollo 18.
So that's what this is all about, huh?
You know what I've been doing
all these years.
Perhaps for me, it is about that.
For Roscosmos, it's about taking advantage
of a natural stop.
You are not the least bit curious about
the illness of which you are an expert?
There was a fatal accident
after years of warning about debris.
This will happen again, Henry.
And there are a whole lot of answers
we are never going to get.
Agreed. We will designate the ISS
as an international grave,
and leave space to the people with money.
Soyuz 1, this is TsUP. Can you hear me?
TsUP, this is Soyuz 1 reentry.
Are you receiving?
This is Soyuz 1. Come in, please.
Soyuz 1 has reentered Earth atmosphere.
She is not responding.
It's in ballistic entry.
- Where's she gonna hit?
- Anywhere within 300 kilometers.
Get your ham radio guys and get her.
We need to know where the hell she is.
- This is a needle in a haystack.
- Can't you call NORAD?
Call your fucking guy in Egypt.
Roscosmos Control, this is Soyuz 1.
Do you read me?
Soyuz 1...
Soyuz 1, this is TsUP. Do you copy?
Soyuz 1, this is TsUP.
- We can't...
- Oh, shit.
- Open all VHF bands.
- I need to--
Soyuz 1, this is TsUP. Repeat.
Open all VHF bands.
There's a-- I'm trying! I'm trying!
TsUP!
Soyuz 1, we hear you.
You've hit 6.5 degrees off optimal,
you need to correct.
I'm on ballistic approach, I can't.
Ask her if she retrieved the data core.
- Oh, Henry, for Christ's sake.
- Ask her.
Do you have the CAL phase four data core?
Yes.
Jo? Jo?
Do you have her? Where is she?
You're going
in ballistic at a very steep angle.
You've got 8G coming up.
Understood.
Jo! Jo?
Hi. Hi.
Jo, you're going into the black.
It's gonna take us some time to find you.
Good luck.
Hi. Guess what?
What?
It's marked with RPL flashes.
It goes on
Search and Rescue helicopter number 1.
- Now, goddamn it, let's move it.
- Will do.
She's got a super short time.
It's gonna be very tough to locate her.
Don't bloody do this to me, Frederic.
I've just told my daughter
it's gonna be all right!
Heading north east,
can't see anything from the helicopters.
Helicopter 5,
check south east above the mountain.
Helicopter 2, north west 22 degrees.
What can you see?
Still nothing, Team 1.
Mummy!
That's my baby.
Put me down. Put me down. That's my baby.
Mummy!
I love you.
I love you so much.
Hi, Jo.
You all right? You okay?
I'm so h-- I'm so happy to be--
I'm so happy to be here.
I love you guys so much.
I-- Welcome back.
Thank you.
Give it to me, please.
Open the case.
The canisters should be prepped.
This is my baby.
Give me the iPad.
Give me some space.
Is that Wendy's dad?
You don't have to look, my love.
Don't look.
So, how are things?
I don't know.
Wow. You look great.
I'm back. I made it back, right?
Yeah.
Hey.
- Hi. Jo, I--
- Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
Go, guys! Go!
I'll be right back, baby.
- I'm back now.
- She's home.
We'll take you directly to Star City.
Excuse me.
Put that fucking camera away.
Holy shit. It's there.
Goddamn it.
It can't be there.
What is Russian for "eureka"?
Mummy?
Alice?
Are you okay?
Okay.
What?
You forget how Earth smells.
Where is she?
Who?
Where's my baby? Alice!
- What?
- Where is she?
- Who?
- You.
I don't know what you mean.
Didn't you see yourself?
- In the mirror?
- No! Here.
Mummy, I didn't see anything.
Get dressed.
Mummy!
Get ready.
Come on, we gotta go!
It's too cold. She'll freeze to death.
We gotta find her.
Who?
The other you.